I made it into chin-hua University the
Harvard of China I'll show you around
let's go in my home province of Taunton
there's 30 million people and every year
less than 50 people can make it into
this school well now I'm here so let's
go find out what makes this school so
special they got trees they got a and
they got a and most importantly we got
the smartest people in China so ever
since I was five it's been my dream to
come to this school but my life didn't
really turn out that way so come I'll
tell you what happened it's definitely
been a lot of hard climbs along the way
oh yeah so actually I had to go to
school in Canada first before I could
come here because honestly it's too hard
for me to get in straight from China I'm
not smart enough so my name is hasu and
in Chinese that means
Harvard so ever since I was a kid I've
been told and pushed to say that one day
you're gonna grow up and go to Harvard
University I grew up and I'm nowhere
close to Harvard but I knew Chinua is
the Harvard of China so I should settle
for that at the tender age of nine I
emigrated to Canada therefore all my
hopes of all these big universities were
gone
but I never gave up I kept on trying my
hardest I kept on going have not pushing
myself to do things outside of school
that could pack my resume
slowly but surely I was advancing a lot
I got into a pretty good university in
Canada called UBC and turn in second
year I realize they have an exchange
program and one of the universities is
Chinua University Chinua Dasha join wha
the half - when I got accepted my
parents were jumping up and down smiling
with pride because now they can brag to
their friends and stuff this place
almost has more prestige to Chinese
people than Harvard itself because they
know it is almost impossible to gain but
now I'm here is it as good as it seems
is it what people really make it out to
be I just got here
ten days ago so I don't really know for
the next four months we're gonna be
attending the Harvard of China together
because I'm gonna be making short films
two times a week for you about my life
here about my studying here about the
things I learned here about the people I
meet here are the developments in China
about the technology about the
infrastructure about everything I find I
want to share that with you so you can
bring these things into your own life
and have an advantage over the people
that don't know and you're gonna live
this life that millions almost billions
of people can never dream of living and
it's gonna be awesome we're gonna have
so much we're gonna learn so much
knowledge and subscribe right now drop a
like comment below of what kind of
things you're excited to see and we
shall make this
big semester I will see you in class
next time
[Music]